# Reward Generation

When assets from Bifrost protocol’s Staking Pool enter the Voting Pool, there will be two methods entering to the Voting Pool, by Bidding Vote (default) or Self Governance. The voting right that corresponds to the original token can be received by the bidder from the bidding vote. In this way, user’s voting rights are represented through Bifrost that assigns the vote to the highest bidder at a specific time. In essence, this method changes the original model of Staking reward from reward ledger into "pay first, let later", which standardizes Staking income from different PoS public chains and bypassing the restrictions brought by different reward rules.

## Voting Right Market
The election mechanism has abandoned the reward-sharing model, if Validators wants to enter the Validator set of Bifrost, they have to make a yield bid at first, which means that they transfer information to the protocol what proportion of the reward is willing to give to Stakers for who uses the agreement. If the bid is 10% and is finally accepted by the protocol, the Validator will share the reward as 10% to the protocol no matter what the actual return rate is. "Shareholder Votes For Sale" provides more extension and demonstration for the function.

* Bidder offers < Staking income, analogous to bidder allocation commission > 0%
There is profit , users can get normal rewards.

* Bidder offers = Staking income, analogous to bidder allocation commission = 0%
There is no profit, users get the highest reward of the original chain.

* Bidder offers > Staking income, analogous to bidder allocation commission < 0%
There is an allowance, users get higher reward then original chain.


According to the requirement of voting right in the market, the binding vote might have different results. Normally, the Staking rewards that are generated by users nomination will be released after Validators deducting the commission, Validators become a bidder under the form of binding vote. Offer high and low fluctuation will be according to the market demand and rational judgment to the market, bidders may get profits from users’ Staking rewards while setting the offer below the range of Staking rewards. When the market demand for voting rights is strong, bidders will pay extra to get votes, and users will get the extra rewards from the bidder as the Staking reward. In this case, the Staking rewards obtained by users will be higher than the maximum reward on the original chain.

## Self Governance
Users will skip bidders’ offer process and choose specific bidders to trade based on their own decisions. However, the reward still needs to follow the Bifrost reward distribution rules, repurchase fund, insurance fund and channel fund shall be deducted.

## Reward Structure
* 10% for Repurchase Fund, regular repurchase BNC
* 1%-5% for Slash Insurance, Risk allocation when collateralized funds by Validators are Slashed, floating based on Slash history.
* 3% for Channel Fund, released according to channel contributions.
* Releasing to users 82%-86%, flows to the original Tokemint pool and releases reward to users through Tokenmint Price UP. 