# Node

> Bifrost's nodes are divided into synchronization nodes, block generation nodes, and Stake proxy nodes. Synchronization nodes have the right to vote and recharge channels in addition to block generation. Synchronization nodes will become block generation nodes when they meet the threshold of votes and have the power of synchronization nodes. In addition, it has the power to generate blocks. The block generating node has a more advantageous ranking than the synchronous node to obtain user votes and recharge. The Stake agent node is elected by the block generating node by referendum. In addition to the power of generating block nodes, it also has the right to obtain Bifrost Stake. Bifrost will take the asset Stake to the corresponding node of the original asset chain.

Synchronization nodes, block producer nodes, and Stake proxy nodes must have the same network access environment and computing capabilities. Although synchronization nodes do not need to produce blocks, in order to ensure the stability of the Bifrost network, it is also necessary to build real nodes to send heartbeat transactions. The node will receive 10% of the user's mining income as the node's profit. The specific ratio can be modified through a proposal referendum.

Nodes' block production, missing blocks, dropped or other malicious behaviors will be punished. At the same time, the node's self-mortgage and the user's waiting for reward will be deducted. Stake agent nodes will get additional Stake revenue and violate the terms of the revenue contract will be punished accordingly. The punishment funds will be transferred to the parliamentary fund, and a subsequent referendum will decide how to deal with it.

Node registration and application are open to all users. After the node server is set up, you can start running. Bifrost uses a one-vote, one-vote model to prevent node conspiracy. All users can use BNC for node voting elections. The synchronization node and the block producer node need to pay the same cost to ensure the stable operation of the network, so the synchronization node and the block producer node will get the same benefits. The Stake agent node will be an important part of Bifrost's multi-chain ecosystem, responsible for the production of the Stake income of the Bifrost ecosystem. In addition to the block node's income, the Stake agent node will also receive the dividends generated by Bifrost Stake.